During his maturation as a player, he has gained a reputation for playing a part in important goals for club and country, specifically playing a leading role in the 2006, 2009 and 2011 UEFA Champions League finals, as well as the 2010 FIFA World Cup Final and 2008–09 UEFA Champions League and Euro 2008 semi-finals.
Andrés Iniesta Luján (Spanish pronunciation: [anˈdɾes iˈnjesta luˈxan], born 11 May 1984) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a central midfielder for La Liga club FC Barcelona, and the Spanish national team.
Andrés Iniesta's official website
Iniesta was selected for the 2010 FIFA World Cup and was a key member of the victorious Spanish side; he scored the winning goal in the final against the Netherlands, also being named Man of the Match, and was selected in the tournament's All-Star Team.
Zidane also praised Iniesta by saying "Iniesta is really impressing me," the 39-year-old told Spanish radio station Cadena Cope.
Andrés Iniesta Luján (Spanish pronunciation: [anˈdɾes iˈnjesta luˈxan], born 11 May 1984) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a central midfielder for La Liga club FC Barcelona, and the Spanish national team.
Iniesta comes from small village named Fuentealbilla in the province of Albacete, Castile–La Mancha.
Andrés Iniesta
The ceremony was held in Zürich and teammate Lionel Messi took home the award.
Iniesta came through La Masia, the Barcelona youth academy, and impressed from an early age.
By winning the award, Iniesta became the only Spanish player to win the award at least once in each of Spain's three consecutive successful tournaments.
Andrés Iniesta Luján (Spanish pronunciation: [anˈdɾes iˈnjesta luˈxan], born 11 May 1984) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a central midfielder for La Liga club FC Barcelona, and the Spanish national team.
Andrés Iniesta
This goal sent Barcelona through to the 2009 UEFA Champions League Final in Rome against defending champions Manchester United.
Iniesta was also chosen as the UEFA Euro 2012 Player of the Tournament.
