Cristiano Ronaldo dos Santos Aveiro,OIH, (born 5 February 1985), commonly known as Cristiano Ronaldo, is a Portuguese footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish La Liga club Real Madrid and is the captain of the Portuguese national team.
Many experts have testified to Cristiano Ronaldo's skills and impact as the best modern-day footballer (alongside Lionel Messi), described as a fast, tricky, strong, skillful winger and striker who will take on any defender with his dribbling and pace; he hits his free kicks with power and pace, and is able to beat defenders off the dribble and cross the ball.
Cristiano Ronaldo dos Santos Aveiro,OIH, (born 5 February 1985), commonly known as Cristiano Ronaldo, is a Portuguese footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish La Liga club Real Madrid and is the captain of the Portuguese national team.
Ronaldo earned his first cap for Portugal in a 1–0 victory against Kazakhstan on 20 August 2003.
Definitely.
Yes indeed!
Ronaldo made his first post-injury start in a 1–0 El Clásico defeat to Barcelona on 29 November.
Ronaldo made his Madrid debut on 21 July in a 1–0 win over Shamrock Rovers.
Ronaldo is sponsored by the U.S.
He returned to action on 17 September in United's goalless UEFA Champions League group stage draw with Villarreal as a substitute for Park Ji-Sung, and scored his first goal of the season in a 3–1 League Cup third round win over Middlesbrough on 24 September.
Ronaldo was featured on the front cover of the video games FIFA Street 2 and Pro Evolution Soccer 2008.
Ronaldo made his Madrid debut on 21 July in a 1–0 win over Shamrock Rovers.
Ronaldo was the first player to win all four main PFA and FWA awards, doing so in 2007.
Ronaldo's autobiography, titled Moments, was published in December 2007.
Cristiano Ronaldo dos Santos Aveiro,OIH, (born 5 February 1985), commonly known as Cristiano Ronaldo, is a Portuguese footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish La Liga club Real Madrid and is the captain of the Portuguese national team.
