Who and the Prisoner of Azkaban (film) Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is a 2004 fantasy film directed by Alfonso Cuarón and based on J. K. Rowling's novel of the same name?
Who then threatens to curse Vernon when he tries to discipline him but flees?
Who's father Lucius Malfoy has Buckbeak sentenced to death on court?
Who secretly teaches Harry to defend himself against Dementors using the Patronus charm?
Who and Hermione are attacked by the tree but also manage to enter the underground passage to the Shrieking Shack?
Who and Black explain that Scabbers is actually Peter Pettigrew?
Who and Black force Pettigrew back into his human form preparing to kill him?
Who is instead to be turned over to the Dementors?
Who and Black fight in their animal forms?
Who believes the mysterious figure is his dead father?
Who passes out from the trauma?
Who and Hermione then rescue Black?
Who assumed the role after Richard Harris?
Who was unconcerned with bettering or copying Harris?
Who's family had expressed an interest in seeing Harris's close friend Peter O'Toole being chosen as his replacement?
Who accepted the part because he needed the money?
Who told Thewlis that he thought Lupin was gay?
Who had seen the first two films and had only read part of the first book?
Who was approached to direct?
Who was initially nervous about accepting as he had not read any of the books?
Who's appointment pleased J. K. Rowling who loved his film Y tu mamá también and was impressed with his adaptation of A Little Princess?
Who found that `` tonally and stylistically?
Who allowed Cuarón to make minor changes to the book?
Who said she `` got goosebumps '' when she saw several moments in the film?
Who's darker side is first glimpsed in this film?
Who also expanded on its previous merchandising for the first two films with the release of sets ranging from the Knight Bus to the Shrieking Shack?
Who of the San Francisco Chronicle lauded the film's more mature tone and said it was `` darker?
Who of Rolling Stone gave the film three-and-a-half out of four stars : `` Not only is this dazzler by far the best and most thrilling of the three Harry Potter movies to date?
Who of Salon.com asserts it to be `` one of the greatest fantasy films of all time . ''?
Who of The Washington Post praised the film as `` complex?
Who from Newsweek said : `` The Prisoner of Azkaban boasts a brand-new director and a bold new vision?
