Who `` Clint '' Dempsey (born March 9?
Who first represented the United States at the 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship in the United Arab Emirates?
Who recorded the fastest goal in U.S. World Cup qualifying history by scoring after 53 seconds of an eventual 8 - 0 defeat of Barbados?
Who became the first American player to score a hat-trick in the English Premier League?
Who was born in Nacogdoches?
Who became a standout on the team at an early age?
Who was devastated with the family's loss and later explained that this event helped him developed a deeper motivation to pursue soccer?
Who studied the play of Argentina's national team?
Who was heartbroken when the news came to Nacogdoches that Maradona would not be playing in the 1994 World Cup game played in the Cotton Bowl?
Who helped the Revolution to the Eastern Conference Finals and earned 2004 MLS Rookie of the Year Honors?
Who scored his first goal for Fulham on 5 May when he struck the only goal of a 1 - 0 home win over Liverpool?
Who broke Fulham's Premier League goalscoring record by netting twice in a 3 - 0 victory over Bolton on April 27?
Who ended with two goals as Fulham ran out 3 - 0 winners?
Who scored his fifth Premier League goal of the campaign with a header in a 2 - 0 home win against Bolton on December 17?
Who scored his 10th Premier League goal of the season?
Who scored his fourteenth and fifteenth Premier League goals of the campaign?
Who finished fourth on the FWA Footballer of the Year list behind winner Robin van Persie and Manchester United pair Wayne Rooney and Paul Scholes?
Who became the first American to reach the milestone of fifty goals in the Premier League?
Who scored his first and the game-winning goal for Tottenham in a 3 - 2 win over Manchester United?
Who 3rd goal was scored against Reading on New Year's day 2013 to help his Spurs side win 3 - 1?
Who received 237 points in voting by 207 sports journalists to claim the award?
Who scored in his third straight game in the Confederations Cup Final against Brazil?
Who's disallowed goal later in the tournament vs. Algeria in the group stage was very controversial?
Who was called offside?
Who assisted on the goal?
Who broke his own fastest-goal record in World Cup Qualifying on September 7?
