0 When did Dempsey score his 10th Premier League goal of the season?
0 When did Dempsey suffer a suspected cruciate knee ligament injury in a 2 - 0 away defeat to Blackburn Rovers?
0 When did His first home goal of the season came in a 3 - 0 win over Middlesbrough?
0 Who VBD his first and the game-winning goal for Tottenham in a 3 - 2 win over Manchester United?
0 When did Notes References External links Profile at Yanks Abroad Clint Dempsey career stats at Soccerbase Clint Dempsey profile Fulham FC Clint Dempsey profile Transfermarkt Andrea Scanzi La palombella rossa di Clint Dempsey La Stampa?
0 When did when he struck the only goal of a 1 - 0 home win over Liverpool?
0 Who VBD his fourteenth and fifteenth Premier League goals of the campaign?
0 When did Dempsey come off the bench against Juventus in their second-leg?
0 When did Dempsey lose his then 16-year-old sister Jennifer to a brain aneurysm?
0 When did Dempsey return?
0 When did against Jamaica?
0 When did he score an equalising goal on 56 minutes with a header against Blackburn Rovers at Ewood Park in the 1 - 1 draw and continue Fulham 's undefeated streak in the Barclays Premier League?
0 When did Dempsey score another double versus Stoke?
0 Who VBD the first American to reach the milestone of fifty goals in the Premier League?
0 When did) be an American soccer player who plays for Tottenham Hotspur and the United States national team?
0 When did He then continued his form by scoring two goals against Wigan Athletic?
0 When did His final home goal of the season came in a 2 - 1 defeat to Blackburn Rovers?
0 Who VBD fourth on the FWA Footballer of the Year list behind winner Robin van Persie and Manchester United pair Wayne Rooney and Paul Scholes?
0 Who VBD Fulham's Premier League goalscoring record by netting twice in a 3 - 0 victory over Bolton on April 27?
0 When did Dempsey become the second American (after Brian McBride) to score in more than one World Cup when he scored the equalizer goal against England in the Americans ' first game of the 2010 World Cup after the West Ham and England goalkeeper Robert Green made a major error?
0 When did Fulham come from a goal down to beat Manchester City 3 - 1 away from home as Dempsey scored two goals?
0 When did He `` assisted '' another goal in a 2 - 1 win against Stoke City?
0 When did Dempsey score his fifth Premier League goal of the campaign with a header in a 2 - 0 home win against Bolton?
0 Who VBD the Revolution to the Eastern Conference Finals and earned 2004 MLS Rookie of the Year Honors?
0 When did he score his first goal in European competition?
0 Who VBD the play of Argentina's national team?
0 When did Dempsey become the first American to score 10 goals in a Premier League season?
0 Who VBD his own fastest-goal record in World Cup Qualifying on September 7?
0 When did for a fist fight with teammate Joe Franchino during a practice game and was twice suspended by MLS during the 2006 season for violent conduct against opponents?
0 Who VBD devastated with the family's loss and later explained that this event helped him developed a deeper motivation to pursue soccer?
0 When did the day before Dempsey 's 29th birthday?
0 When did Dempsey join Tottenham Hotspur on a three-year contract for a fee believed to be in the region of # 6 million ($ 9.5 million)?
0 When did he score against West Ham United past Robert Green?
0 When did La Gazzetta dello Sport named Dempsey as one of the top eleven Premier League players of the season?
0 When did Dempsey score the lone goal in an international friendly against four time World Cup Champion Italy?
0 When did against Charlton in their FA Cup Third Round game which ended in a 4 - 0 victory?
0 When did Fulham confirm Dempsey 's transfer to Tottenham Hotspur?
0 Who VBD his 10th Premier League goal of the season?
0 Who VBD with two goals as Fulham ran out 3 - 0 winners?
0 When did Dempsey score during Fulham 's 3 - 1 home win over Reading to secure just a second league win of the season?
0 When did Clint Dempsey broke Fulham 's Premier League goalscoring record by netting twice in a 3 - 0 victory over Bolton?
0 When did He make his Fulham debut in a 1 - 1 home draw against Tottenham Hotspur?
0 When did he be granted a work permit from the Home Office as Fulham announced his signing on a long-term deal?
0 When did English club Fulham offered MLS $ 4 million for the transfer of Dempsey?
0 Who VBD the first American player to score a hat-trick in the English Premier League?
0 When did Dempsey score the first FA Cup goal of his career in a 2 - 1 home win over Swansea City in the fifth-round?
0 Who VBD heartbroken when the news came to Nacogdoches that Maradona would not be playing in the 1994 World Cup game played in the Cotton Bowl?
0 When did scoring just 39 seconds into a 2 - 1 defeat against Jamaica in Kingston?
0 When did Dempsey score in the 85th minute to secure a 1 - 0 win against Liverpool at Craven Cottage?
0 When did Fulham announce Dempsey had signed a contract extension which would keep him at the club until the summer of?
0 When did Dempsey be involved in an aerial collision with John Terry during a 0 - 0 draw at Stamford Bridge which resulted in Terry being substituted?
0 When did Dempsey be voted the Fulham ` Player of the Season ' by fans for the second straight season?
0 When did He score his second goal for Spurs in the 39th minute in an away game at Southampton in?
0 When did Dempsey score another hat-trick against Newcastle while the game ended in a 5 - 2 win for Fulham and sent his goal tally in the Premier League to nine for the season?
0 Who VBD a standout on the team at an early age?
0 When did Dempsey score his 29th and 30th international goal?
0 Who first VBD the United States at the 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship in the United Arab Emirates?
0 Who 3rd goal VBD scored against Reading on New Year's day 2013 to help his Spurs side win 3 - 1?
0 Who `` Clint '' Dempsey (born March 9?
0 When did (UTC) International As of 17 October 2012 Honors Club New England Revolution Runner-up MLS Cup (2) : 2005?
0 When did He make his first appearance with the senior team?
0 When did Dempsey be named to the U.S. roster for the 2006 World Cup in Germany?
0 Who VBD his fifth Premier League goal of the campaign with a header in a 2 - 0 home win against Bolton on December 17?
0 Who VBD 237 points in voting by 207 sports journalists to claim the award?
0 When did Dempsey sign a contract extension to remain with Fulham through?
0 When did - 09 season Dempsey scored his first goal of the 2008 - 09 season in a 1 - 1 away draw at Portsmouth?
0 When did Honors Club New England Revolution Runner-up MLS Cup (2) : 2005?
0 Who's disallowed goal later in the tournament vs. Algeria in the group stage VBD very controversial?
0 When did Dempsey score his first goal of the 2007 - 08 season in a 2 - 1 away loss to Aston Villa?
0 When did He score his last goals of the season in a 1 - 1 home draw with Wigan Athletic and 5 - 1 away loss to Tottenham in?
0 When did He follow this up by scoring in Fulham 's next fixture in a 3 - 3 home draw against Tottenham?
0 When did Dempsey become the first American player to score a hat-trick in the English Premier League?
0 Who VBD born in Nacogdoches?
0 When did took place in a match against Manchester United?
0 When did Dempsey score his fourteenth and fifteenth Premier League goals of the campaign?
0 When did Dempsey replace Bobby Zamora in the 55th minute of the 2010 UEFA Europa League Final?
0 Who VBD the fastest goal in U.S. World Cup qualifying history by scoring after 53 seconds of an eventual 8 - 0 defeat of Barbados?
0 Who VBD his first goal for Fulham on 5 May when he struck the only goal of a 1 - 0 home win over Liverpool?
0 Who VBD in his third straight game in the Confederations Cup Final against Brazil?
1000 Who assisted on the goal?
